Kizuna Ai’s “Ai Love” Radio
Hello everyone, Radial Personality Kizuna Ai here
How are you all doing today?
Kizuna Ai’s “Ai Love” Radio
This program is transmitted to the key station of your heart...
...With comforting radio signals that's full of love that reach the whole world
In that case, it begins today!
This is Kizuna Ai’s “Ai Love” Radio
Hmm...
Counting today, how many times have I done this radio?
Four times?
Eh? Ah, five, five, five times?
Eh?
Ah
Ah! Three times?
Man, having done it 3 times, well...
… I was rather late to make my preparations
This site is around 12 to 13 minutes walking from the station, but...
...Once I reached the station...
… I only had 5 minutes until the preparation meeting began
So then...
… I thought I had no other options than to run
For that motive, I started to run with all of my strength, but...
...Well...
...It was tiring
In the end, I arrived a minute late at the station
So I arrived with not much extra time
It's good to exercise, right?
I’ll work hard!
Good! Having said that...
In that case, I'll start immediately at reading the messages that were sent to me this week
Radio Name
A message by "Rainy days are always depressing"-san
Thank you for everything, "Rainy days are always depressing"-san
"Good day, Ai-san"
Good day!
I have a question for the always radiant Ai-san"
Yes! What's it about?
"What do you do to cheer up during rainy days?"
“I hate the rain and each day that has bad weather, I spend it being depressed"
"Please tell me if you know of a good way to fix that"
I see...
Rainy days?
How would I cheer up during those days?
Well...
...In my case...
Well, I...
...Get wet under the rain
Yeah, it's something I want to do
Go outside to get wet under the rain
Hmm.... after all...
Hmm...
Isn't it a miracle that water falls from the sky?
If you think you’re bathing in that miracle, well...
...It helps me cheer up
Well, you know, it rained a lot just a bit ago...
Was it a typhoon?
It rained a lot, right?
At this moment as well...
Well right now, I didn't get wet under the rain, but...
...There were huge puddles of water
I had some high boots
And I walked while stepping on the puddles of water
Man, it was a lot of fun
It's important to have fun with everything, right?
It's because of that "Rainy days are always depressing"-san, you also should bathe in the miracle of the rain and have fun
But...
...After getting wet with the rain, make sure to take a bath...
...To warm your body
❤️ Heart ❤️
Good!
I want to dedicate this song to "Rainy days are always depressing"-san
My recommendation is to get wet under the rain, but...
...It’d make me happy if this song was another way of cheering you up
In that case, please listen
From "The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi"
"Hare Hare Yukai"
♪ If we can map out all of Earth's mysteries ♪
(nazonazo mitai ni chikyuugi wo tokiakashitara)
♪ We will be able to go to any place we want ♪
(minna de doko made mo ikeru ne)
♪ Until the end of time ♪
(jikan no hate made)
♪ Boooom! ♪
♪ With a warp, this looping feeling ♪
(waapu de ruupu na kono omoi wa)
♪ Swirls everything together and plays around with them! ♪
(nani mo kamo wo makikonda souzou de asobou)
♪ On a particular sunny day ♪
(aru hareta hi no koto)
♪ A happiness greater than magic ♪
(mahou ijou no yukai ga)
♪ Will pour down endlessly, it's not impossible! ♪
(kagirinaku furisosogu fukanou janai wa)
♪ When we meet again tomorrow ♪
(ashita mata au toki)
♪ We'll laugh and hum a tune ♪
(warainagara hamingu)
Very good! The next message is from...
Radio Name: "Roll cake Makiko"-san
"Roll Cake Makiko"-san, thank you so much for everything
Today, you’re also rolling, rolling
"Good day Ai-san"
Good day!
"Your marvelous voice always cures me"
Ah! Thank you very much
"Ai-san, you’re always so beautiful and I admire you"
"Ai-san, do you take care of yourself in some way to maintain that beauty?"
"If you take care of something, please tell me"
Man, it makes me really happy! Thank you very much
I see, if I take care of something to preserve my beauty...
Hmm...
I suppose not
Yes, I don’t do anything
It's like you have to believe in your own body
Well, you know...
...There’s remedies for coughs, right?
The cough is something that the human body uses to expel bad germs inside the body
Isn’t it like that?
Cough, cough
That's right, that cough...
...If you stop it, well...
...It’s like mistaking the reason for why you cough
If you stop the cough, well...
...Wouldn’t you make it so that the germs don’t get expelled out?
It's because of that, that in this case...
...Well, I think that you should be natural and confide in your body without depending on medications
Hmm...
Ah, but it's different if it's about whooping cough
Make sure to take medication in that case, yes?
❤️ Heart ❤️
Good!
Now I plan to dedicate a song to "Roll Cake Makiko"-san
The song that I’ll dedicate to them...
...Is a song that is sung with all of their strength to demonstrate that "Being alive is something truly amazing"
Please listen
From the group "Happatai", "Yatta"
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ It's so easy, HA! ♪
♪ Happy go lucky ♪
♪ We are the world ♪
♪ We did it! ♪
♪ Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! ♪
(hyuu hyuu hyuu hyuu)
♪ Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! ♪
(osu osu osu osu)
♪ HELLO EVERYONE! ♪
(HAI DOMO!)
♪ YATTA, YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Got into college ♪
(daigaku goukaku)
♪ Promoted to CEO ♪
(shachou shuunin)
♪ As long as you have a piece of leaf… ♪
(happa ichimai areba ii)
♪ You are "lucky" to keep on living ♪
(ikiteiru kara rakkii da)
♪ YATTA, YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Guaranteed win ♪
(tousen kakujitsu)
Next up, maybe this is the last mail for today?
Won’t it?
Will it be the last one?
Hmm....! How sad!
Radio Name:
"Thousand Hit Cricket"-san
"Good day Ai-chan"
Good day! Pleased to meet you!
"I like you a lot, a lot Ai-chan and I can’t contain myself"
Man, thank you very much
"When I think of you during the nights, I can’t sleep"
"I... don’t know..."
"...What I should do"
Man, I’m getting messages today that make me very happy, right?
"Thousand Hit Cricket"-san
If you say something like that...
...Onee-san will take it seriously
❤️ Heart ❤️
Ah, right, regarding the question in what you should do when you can’t sleep during the nights, well...
In that case, what do you think of the following?
To be able to meet you with me in a dream
...While you hear my voice...
Swe...
Sweet...
Sweet dre...
Sweet dreams ❤️
♪ Sleep, sleep ♪
("Lullaby" by Schubert)
♪ By your mother's bosom ♪
♪ Sleep, sleep ♪
♪ By your mother's arms ♪
Kizuna Ai’s “Ai Love” Radio
In that case, Kizuna Ai’s “Ai Love” Radio
In the blink of an eye, the time arrived to say farewell
How sad, right?
I’ll keep responding to your emails of questions and requests that you want me to do, temporarily
I’ll be waiting for your messages
The email address is...
radio.kizunaai
Ah, I messed up...
radio@kizunaai.com
R-A-D-I-O
AT
K-I-Z
U-N-A-A-I
.C-O-M
The people whom I read their messages...
...Will have access to buy an original collection of stickers of this show that I’m preparing
Please, send me your requests
Up to here, this was Radial Personality Kizuna AI
In that case, we’ll see each other again
Don’t forget
The secret broadcasting station is always within your hearts
Goodbye!
* Translated by Vortex *
I want to do a stylish radio show like that!